Reeky dress! Reeky dress! Reeky dress!
Reeky lost so badly. I feel he and Johnny were on the same level, but that was you leaving.
We're getting as a side character compared to Johnny.
Even Sean has moved on. Remember how say she was with Reeky?
Absolutely shameless.
Well, good thing Johnny won't show him the time of day.
You sure about that? Help clean me.
She has a sugar daddy.
It's revolting to even think about.
What did you just say, Nancy?
Can you give me a bottle of water, please?
No, but what a good job!
Thank you.
Yeah.
I think I twisted my wrist early.
Do you mind holding water for me?
Do you mind holding the bottle for me?
Okay.
Yeah, of course.
I am going to get some thanks for your rest.
Please, thank you.
So, you must be Johnny.
I hope you're not thinking of dating Shannon. She already has a sugar daddy.
Shut up. Why are you being so pathetic?
Don't be mad, I guess.
She's just concerned that you're being deceived.
We're all friends with Shannon and we're worried.
She's going down the wrong path.
She won't listen to us and maybe she can listen to you.
So, you think that being friends is what?
Spreading rumors about it.
I don't know about you, but I think that makes you a pretty bad friend.
No, no, no.
It's not like that.
We're genuinely concerned about Shannon and since she's chasing after you,
we figured she might listen to you.
What?
She's pursuing me.
Isn't it obvious she acted like this with Brittany?
Right, okay.
Thanks for telling me, I guess, but you're wrong about one thing.
I'm pursuing her.
What?
I understand.
Why does he like Shannon?
She has a...
She has a sugar daddy.
Fine.
If you want second hand goods, then by all means...
Pursue her.
Pardon me.
I did.
Now say that again.
It's right.
No apologies.
Are you itching for another 20 mile run, Nancy?
You know, she's not completely wrong.
Me and everyone saw you passing me before.
Ricky, I was so blind before, but you mean nothing to me.
Do you really want to be with Johnny?
I'm obsessed with you.
What does it matter if I'm with Johnny or not?
Shannon, I'll give you a second chance.
You be my girlfriend.
What makes you think you're so important?
You're with Karen.
I mean, do you not care how she feels when you say these things to me?
Shannon, I will ruin you in front of the principal and the board members.
You have completely crossed the line this time.
I will never forgive you for this.
I don't care about your forgiveness, you piece of shit.
And so what now?
This is all yours.
First smart movie, wait all day.
Hey, the wrist.
Yeah, it's all right.
I'm glad we have to punch that chair.
Yes.
Hey, what's your own?
Oh, it was just that thing you saw earlier.
Which thing?
It was about you wanting to chase me.
Well, I mean, technically the word I use was pursued.
Well, do you want to know if I want to be pursued?
Obviously.
All right, Mr. Wonder.
I'm hungry.
So, I'm going to go to the cafeteria to get something you want to come with.
Technically, that wasn't an answer.
Karen.
Karen!
Hey, Karen.
Hey, don't be upset with me.
Why does Shannon get to be chased by Johnny while I'm stuck with this nobody?
Hey.
Harry and I said those things shouldn't calm her down.
Right?
I'm not giving her a second chance.
I know.
I was just feeling down.
Come on.
Let's get out of here.
Get food or something.
You can get whatever you want.
So, a steak dinner?
Whatever you want.
Okay.
I'm not holding back then.
Sit it at my pouch.
You know, they're long gone.
You're still holding off the dear love.
What?
You don't want me holding your arm.
I thought you were pursuing me.
I am.
I am pursuing you.
You don't believe me?
Hey.
I never said I don't believe you.
And do I have permission to pursue him?
Johnny, that's a little straightforward.
I don't know what to say.
Right.
I guess I'll, um...
I'll take that as a yes.
Hey.
At your school award, Sandy, this week, I'm going to be there.
And now you have a special gift.
He's not planning to confess to me on that day, is he?
In front of the whole school, it's too high profile.
Way too high profile.
I'm in a tutor here so far that you make top three.
And then you're going to have to give a speech.
In front of all those jerks who are mean to you.
And they're not in any choice, but to see just how brilliant.
Does that sound like confidence for that?
That was the gift you were going to give me?
I have the confidence.
Also, I think you should stay away from the tracks.
And I've done a bit of investigating and none of them have been.
I know.
In my previous life, that father and son scumbad duo were willing to be.
In this life, I'm going to send them to hell.
Hey.
Didn't you say you were going to treat me to something to you?
Yes.
Today, whatever a super-teen or Johnny wants, it's all me.
Thank you.
Let's go.
So shameless.
Oh, hi.
You're always running after her.
Let's go.
You're hurting me.
What is your relationship with Johnny Wonder?
You two have been together this whole time.
No.
I wish.
But Johnny Wonder is so pure.
I'm afraid if I don't take things one step at a time, I'll scare him off.
I don't believe you.
You are lying to me.
You two are little, little study sessions.
What are you actually doing?
He is not that kind of person.
Fine.
I admit, I was serious about caring before.
But no.
I'm serious about you.
You're just upsensing me with Johnny.
Thank you.
Every time you look at me.
You light up like a ball of joy.
I never once have you ever looked at me like that.
It hurts, doesn't it?
I used to feel pain there too.
Ricky, right?
He's new.
Everything.
Just to get confused and murdered and I will never follow the despair and pain.
Everything that I've done to you is just the beginning.
And it's just going to get worse day by day.
Murder?
What are you talking about, Shannon?
I've never abused you once.
You look fine and well to me.
Get off of me!
Hey!
Did you listen to her?
Get off of her!
Johnny Wonder?
This is none of your business.
I'm talking to Shannon right now.
You know, Shannon said, get off of her.
Were you going to do something about it?
Were you going to hit me?
Why don't we let shit fuck you hit me?
Yeah, I hate you.
He shouldn't get his hand started touching me.
But you know what?
I was going to use you as a toy and torture you until you went insane.
Do not get near me and Johnny.
Let's go.
Shannon, you ruined my relationship with Ricky.
I'm going to make you pay.
In front of everyone, I'm going to expose you and your sugar daddy.
I'm going to ruin you.
Well, that was embarrassing.
I'm sorry you had to see that again.
No, Shannon.
I'm sorry that I wasn't there to help you.
If he had a hurt...
No, I will not let him hurt me a second time.
A second time?
Shannon, he hurt you before?
I'm so embarrassed that I haven't been there for you.
I want you to know that from now on, I will always protect you.
No.
No, it's not your fault.
It was my own foolishness.
Thanks, Johnny.
I just had a really bad dream.
In another lifetime, Ricky killed me.
But I woke up.
And in that dream was I.
Yeah, you were.
You actually came at the end.
And then?
And then...
Maybe I should just tell you that at the party.
Oh, actually, I can't believe I almost forgot to congratulate him.
Your school's outstanding student representative award.
That is amazing, Shannon.
You really deserve this.
Well, I couldn't have done it without you.
You're such a great tutor.
Which, by the way, I got you a gift as well.
Oh, I guess now I'm actually excited for the award ceremony.
That's a good one.
Professor,
why is Shannon the outstanding student representative for this year's award ceremony?
It should be me.
It should have been you for years, but you insisted on giving it to Ricky.
Well, he deserved it.
You deserve it.
But you insisted on giving it to that boy.
Meanwhile, Shannon has been making great progress.
And her progress is an inspiration to all the other students.
How could they do this to me?
It should be me.
I'm sorry.
You had the opportunity for the honors, but you kept turning it down.
You could talk to the principal if you want, but it won't change anything.
I'm sorry.
I understand.
Thank you for your time.
Shannon stole Ricky from me.
Now she's stealing my honor.
What else is she going to take from me?
That's Shannon and her sugar daddy.
What?
I'm going to expose you in front of everyone, Shannon.
Don't go ready.
Let me get to hear your speech.
I'm also excited to hear your speech, Dad.
You stupid member.
No, I'm nervous.
Second leg.
I love you, sweetheart.
Let's welcome today's student representative for the award ceremony, Shannon Clark.
I'm Shannon Clark, today's student representative.
And I am so grateful to be giving this speech.
First, I have something I'd like to report.
Come to my attention that Shannon Clark is not qualified to be this year's outstanding student representative,
because she's selling herself to an older man.
I'd like to expose Shannon before she can tarnish this school's reputation any more than she already has.
She's selling herself, her grades are unnaturally improving, and she treats her fellow classmates
with malice and with cruelty.
No, no, no.
She's lying.
If you claim I'm being kept to your evidence.
If you're going to slander me in front of the entire school without any proof, I'm going to sue you.
Who says I don't have any proof?
Everyone.
Please look at the big screen behind me.
The sugar daddy rumors are true.
I'm sorry.
I think these students have absolutely no idea what's going on.
I'm really sorry.
I'll just put it in this room.
No need.
I want to see what these imbeciles think that they can accomplish.
See, this is the evidence called Karen.
This is the man you claim is keeping me?
Yeah.
Shannon, what do you have to say for yourself?
Shannon, how are you doing?
So old.
How can you bring yourself to be with us?
Oh, Karen.
Who says that this man is old and ugly?
If anything, I think he's the most handsome man in the entire world.
Well, second most handsome.
Hey, will I talk to second?
Oh, Shannon, you really have no shame, huh?
Being kept by this man?
Fine.
Take his money.
But calling him handsome?
She's in love with her sugar daddy.
Shannon, you really have no shame.
Could you at least try to act embarrassed?
I'm shameless because I think this man is handsome.
I was in love with you.
You're a disgrace to every student here.
You're a humiliation, Karen.
If anyone is going to be humiliated today, it's going to be.
Oh, since you admitted it, why don't you apologize to everyone?
Drop out and maybe then you can salvage some dignity.
Oh, you're too kind.
That's how people walk all over you.
In my opinion, she should be expelled from the school.
Karen, I would like to know told you I have a sugar daddy.
You have the photos, so someone must have tipped you off.
Do you have any witnesses?
Of course.
I have a witness.
Ricky Trax told us, and we all believe Ricky.
Ricky, tell him what you told us.
Isn't it true?
Come on, Ricky.
Say something.
Is it true or not?
No.
Is this the witness?
Come on, Ricky.
Tell everyone the relationship I have with this man.
Picture support, I don't even know what I'm looking at.
Ricky, this is your last chance to tell everyone everything.
And Shannon, why are you dragging Ricky into this?
Sorry about enough, that you lost your shame.
Why are you trying to drag another person down with you?
Shannon, I know you've always liked Ricky, but you don't have to make him lie for you.
Karen is right.
Shannon, it's an embarrassment to be your classmate.
If you had any self-respect, you would drop out.
You want me to drop out?
What do you all say, classmates?
If she doesn't drop out, do we really want this scum to be in our school?
Drop out.
Drop.
Come on.
Shut up.
I'm kind of pointing out to this bullshit.
Dean, please stand up for us.
All the evidence points towards Shannon having a sugar daddy and being a bully.
Just gonna kick her out.
She's a disgrace.
A disgrace.
Jess, especially with the new board member attending today's ceremony,
you have to deal with Shannon properly in order to maintain the school's reputation.
Indeed, improper behavior must be punished.
So tell me, how do you think I should handle it?
I mean, as Dean, where should I do it?
Shannon, did you hear that?
The Dean is finally going to deal with you.
Dean, I suggest you expel her from the school.
No one wants her here.
Yes, you're sure?
And you're in your final year of university.
If I were to expel someone from your class, they wouldn't receive a diploma.
And all the hard work our last few years would just be for nothing.
So what?
That's the price she pays for doing something wrong.
She should be severely punished as an example for others.
Otherwise, we would have to call this place a brothel instead of a university.
So, you will agree that improper conduct causes harm to other students?
And tarnishes the university's reputation, you should be expelled.
Is that right?
No doubt about it.
Disgusting person should be expelled.
What do you think, Shannon?
A clear conscience is a sure card.
You know, Dean, maybe that's not expelling Shannon right away.
Maybe she admits that she made a mistake in front of everyone and gets down on her knees and begs.
Maybe the students will forgive her.
Wait, you want me to kneel down and beg for forgiveness?
Well, wouldn't that harm my reputation even more?
Shannon, would you just apologize so we can end this already?
Things can go back to the way they used to be.
Apologize.
Ricky, do you want to tell everyone what's going on?
And who this man means to me?
Or who are you?
Do you want to reveal to everyone who you truly are?
What does my identity have to do with you?
Looks like you're too scared to say it.
Okay.
I'm going to do it myself.
Ladies and gentlemen, Ricky Trax is the son of a chauffeur.
My chauffeur.
You're just a poor boy trying to spend my money to look cool for you idiots.
Ricky is the son of a driver?
Shannon really did pay for his birthday party and he lied by saying it was his card all along.
Shannon, I'm so sick of your shit.
I'm done giving you words.
I cannot tolerate anymore.
I've done everything that I get for you.
I get caring for you.
I've done so much.
Ask him.
What?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hi.
Did you just do the fucking hit me?
Yeah.
I did.
What's the thing?
Ricky Trax, my family, the Clark's practically raised you.
And yet you are still an ungrateful little shit.
Just like your father.
That's Shannon's sugar daddy.
He's a member of the board.
What are you going to do?
What's everyone going to think when they find out you're sleeping with a student?
What's your family going to think?
Karen, shut up.
Do you even know who he is?
Don't don't care who he is.
He's sleeping with a student.
He should be in jail.
Just shut up.
Shout out and come here.
Move away from me creepy little girl.
Let me introduce myself.
I am Reginald Francis Alawithis Clark.
And I am the newest member here at the Roses Academy.
I'm also the head of the Alumni Association.
As well I am on the state board of business affairs.
This beautiful young woman is my daughter Shannon.
And I have loved, cherished and protected her since the day she was born.
And yet some of you think it is appropriate to humiliate, insult and damage her reputation.
Let me tell you, this is your worst day.
No.
He's got to be an imposter.
Karen.
Stop talking.
What is that?
What is going on here?
Look at that.
What is happening?
What is happening here?
Earlier some of you students were talking about those who have questionable morals that would
willfully hurt another student and damage the reputation of this school.
That they should be expelled.
Is it that correct team?
Yes.
Very well.
The protocols in place then.
Those who have spread these vicious lies and rumors will be expelled.
Correct?
Yes sir.
Mr. Clark.
Sir, it's not like that.
I didn't know that Shannon was your daughter.
I did not do it on purpose.
You did not do it on purpose.
You mean you didn't know.
To every student who participated in bullying my daughter, you will never work in this city.
And as for the ringleaders.
Karen.
Ricky.
Yancey.
I suggest you pull out your cheap little phones and book flights the hell out of this city
and move far.
Far away.
Now it's over.
I'm finished.
Mr. Clark.
Even if the rumors about you aren't real.
It doesn't change the fact that Shannon used your money to keep Johnny as an oi toy.
Are you saying my daughter brought Johnny?
Johnny Wonder?
Yep.
Don't you see the way she dangles all over him?
We're suggesting that the Clark family has the money powered influence to buy Johnny Wonder.
Do you know who he is?
What?
Pay attention.
You've heard of the Boy Prince.
Air to the biggest conglomerate in the city.
The family that owns 99.9% of every building in the city.
That is Johnny Wonder.
He is the Boy Prince.
Johnny.
Johnny is Boy Wonder.
That's not, that's just not.
And what do you expect?
He owns the city.
Karen.
No.
That's not possible.
I don't believe.
You two are both as good as finished.
Whether or not you believe it.
It makes no difference at all.
Mr. Dean.
If you please.
No.
No, no, no.
Don't.
Don't!
Miss.
Oh, no.
Mr. Clark, those two have proven themselves to be incredibly malicious people who go to any length it takes to hurt the Shannon.
I request you allow me to deal with them my own way.
Of course.
Thank you.
Shannon.
I told you that I would give you a gift.
It disarmed.
Oh, hold on.
Johnny, I'm so grateful to have you with my life.
have you in my life. And when I first met you, I felt mixed emotions of gratitude, but I couldn't
help but fall in love with you. We've already missed on so much time and I don't want to waste
anymore, so let's get married right away. Wait, you are the one proposing to me? Shannon, I have
to tell you something. I know that I missed you once before. You know, I lost you in a previous life,
but in this life, I promise I will always be with you. In this life, you will never suffer.
You remember too. In my next life, I'm gonna make sure you are that happiest woman in the world.
It's really nice to see you again. It's a pleasure to see you too.
Do you want to know if I want to be pursued? The second time, shall he hurt you before?
I'm so embarrassed that I haven't been there for you. I want you to know that from now on,
I will always protect this clock. Thank you, Johnny. Thank you, universe, for the second chance.
Oh, what happened? Oh, Johnny, I can't wait to be with you in this life and in every other.